added project properties option to enable analyzers (#20566)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/productivity/code-analysis.md

_Code quality analysis ("CA") rules_ inspect your C# or Visual Basic code for security, performance, design and other issues. Analysis is enabled, by default, for projects that target .NET 5.0 or later. You can enable code analysis on projects that target earlier .NET versions by setting the [EnableNETAnalyzers](../../core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#enablenetanalyzers) property to `true`. You can also disable code analysis for your project by setting `EnableNETAnalyzers` to `false`.

> You can also enable or disable code analysis using the Project Properties window. To access the Project Properties window right-click on a project within Solution Explorer and select Properties. Next, select the Code Analysis tab where you can either select or clear the checkbox to Enable .NET analyzers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Visual Studio, you can also enable or disable code analysis using the Project Properties window. To access the Project Properties window, right-click on a project within Solution Explorer and select **Properties**. Next, select the **Code Analysis** tab where you can either select or clear the checkbox to **Enable .NET analyzers**.
```

> ![Project Properties Code Analysis](images/project-properties.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Project Properties in Visual Studio - Enable .NET analyzers option.](images/project-properties.png)
```

Reviewer: I would actually prefer to omit this image. Since this article isn't tooling-focused, it takes up too much real estate on the page.

Reviewer: @mikadumont Can we omit the image altogether?

Author: Yes will delete.

_Code quality analysis ("CA") rules_ inspect your C# or Visual Basic code for security, performance, design and other issues. Analysis is enabled, by default, for projects that target .NET 5.0 or later. You can enable code analysis on projects that target earlier .NET versions by setting the [EnableNETAnalyzers](../../core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#enablenetanalyzers) property to `true`. You can also disable code analysis for your project by setting `EnableNETAnalyzers` to `false`.

> [!TIP]

> > In Visual Studio, you can also enable or disable code analysis using the Project Properties window. To access the Project Properties window, right-click on a project within Solution Explorer and select **Properties**. Next, select the **Code Analysis** tab where you can either select or clear the checkbox to **Enable .NET analyzers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Visual Studio, you can enable or disable code analysis using the Project Properties window. To access the Project Properties window, right-click on a project within Solution Explorer and select **Properties**. Next, select the **Code Analysis** tab, and then either select or clear the checkbox to **Enable .NET analyzers**.
```
